README.md, before:

# Hiding Header [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/hiding-header.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hiding-header) [![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/FilipChalupa/hiding-header.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hiding-header?activeTab=dependencies) ![npm type definitions](https://img.shields.io/npm/types/hiding-header.svg)

Toggles header visibility on scroll. [Demo](https://filipchalupa.cz/hiding-header/demo).

![UI example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FilipChalupa/hiding-header/HEAD/screencast.gif)

## Installation

```bash
npm install hiding-header
```

## How to use

### HTML:

```html
<!-- … -->
<body>
	<div class="hidingHeader" id="hidingHeader">
		<div class="hidingHeader-in">
			<!-- Your header -->
		</div>
	</div>
	<!-- … -->
</body>
<!-- … -->
```

### CSS:

Import `dist/style.css` to your CSS. It's few lines of code. You can alternatively copy paste it and adjust things like `z-index` to your needs.

### JavaScript:

```javascript
import { hidingHeader } from 'hiding-header'

const container = document.querySelector('#hidingHeader')
hidingHeader(container)
```

### More

```javascript
import { hidingHeader } from 'hiding-header'

const container = document.querySelector('#hidingHeader')
const instance = hidingHeader(container, {
		heightPropertyName = '--hidingHeader-height',
		boundsHeightPropertyName = '--hidingHeader-bounds-height',
		animationOffsetPropertyName = '--hidingHeader-animation-offset',
		snap = true, // Reveal or hide header if user stops scrolling in middle
		onHeightChange = (height: number) => {}, // When content height changes
		onVisibleHeightChange = (height: number) => {}, // When part of header is revealed
})

// …
instance.pause() // Pauses recalculations of sticky boundaries on scroll
instance.isPaused() // Check if paused
instance.run() // Reactivates
// …

// …
instance.reveal() // Reveals header if hidden
instance.hide() // Hides header if visible
// …

// …
instance.getHeight() // Returns content height in pixels
instance.getVisibleHeight() // Returns height of visible content area in pixels
// …

// …
instance.isHome() // Returns true if element is at initial position, e.g. user has not yet scrolled
// …
```

### React component

For more information see [hiding-header-react](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hiding-header-react).

### Web component

For more information see [hiding-header-webcomponent](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hiding-header-webcomponent).

Commit message:

Callback: add return to home

README.md, after:

# Hiding Header [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/hiding-header.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hiding-header) [![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/FilipChalupa/hiding-header.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hiding-header?activeTab=dependencies) ![npm type definitions](https://img.shields.io/npm/types/hiding-header.svg)

Toggles header visibility on scroll. [Demo](https://filipchalupa.cz/hiding-header/demo).

![UI example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FilipChalupa/hiding-header/HEAD/screencast.gif)

## Installation

```bash
npm install hiding-header
```

## How to use

### HTML:

```html
<!-- … -->
<body>
	<div class="hidingHeader" id="hidingHeader">
		<div class="hidingHeader-in">
			<!-- Your header -->
		</div>
	</div>
	<!-- … -->
</body>
<!-- … -->
```

### CSS:

Import `dist/style.css` to your CSS. It's few lines of code. You can alternatively copy paste it and adjust things like `z-index` to your needs.

### JavaScript:

```javascript
import { hidingHeader } from 'hiding-header'

const container = document.querySelector('#hidingHeader')
hidingHeader(container)
```

### More

```javascript
import { hidingHeader } from 'hiding-header'

const container = document.querySelector('#hidingHeader')
const instance = hidingHeader(container, {
		heightPropertyName = '--hidingHeader-height',
		boundsHeightPropertyName = '--hidingHeader-bounds-height',
		animationOffsetPropertyName = '--hidingHeader-animation-offset',
		snap = true, // Reveal or hide header if user stops scrolling in middle
		onHeightChange = (height: number) => void, // When content height changes
		onVisibleHeightChange = (height: number) => void, // When part of header is revealed
		onHomeChange: (isHome: boolean) => void, // When returns to home
})

// …
instance.pause() // Pauses recalculations of sticky boundaries on scroll
instance.isPaused() // Check if paused
instance.run() // Reactivates
// …

// …
instance.reveal() // Reveals header if hidden
instance.hide() // Hides header if visible
// …

// …
instance.getHeight() // Returns content height in pixels
instance.getVisibleHeight() // Returns height of visible content area in pixels
// …

// …
instance.isHome() // Returns true if element is at initial position, e.g. user has not yet scrolled
// …
```

### React component

For more information see [hiding-header-react](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hiding-header-react).

### Web component

For more information see [hiding-header-webcomponent](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hiding-header-webcomponent).
